Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5721275806427002  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8202157020568848  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6581132411956787  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.44950413703918457  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5101981163024902  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5979254245758057  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5413446426391602  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5171434879302979  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.48820018768310547  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5503885746002197  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.42920374870300293  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4919857978820801  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5544183254241943  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5657322406768799  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5203354358673096  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5206189155578613  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4925081729888916  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5413796901702881  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6264421939849854  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5263745784759521  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.49732279777526855  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5145061016082764  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.49158143997192383  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6320044994354248  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6202633380889893  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.31351685523986816  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6011626720428467  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.548041582107544  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.47744131088256836  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5801784992218018  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6407146453857422  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5992996692657471  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5391032695770264  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  4  classified label:  6
analysis time:  2.3126602172851562e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6040744781494141  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5274524688720703  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.63228440284729  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5576434135437012  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5583381652832031  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5622305870056152  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6166653633117676  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5735023021697998  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5248069763183594  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5269694328308105  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6229345798492432  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6022186279296875  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5037331581115723  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.612656831741333  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.46537208557128906  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.49584364891052246  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.56760573387146  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5672070980072021  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5570080280303955  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5889692306518555  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5501646995544434  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.9714891910552979  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.50364089012146  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.9250271320343018  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5215332508087158  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5928690433502197  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4893970489501953  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5017738342285156  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5534298419952393  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6267149448394775  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6234910488128662  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6471989154815674  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6224665641784668  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5460231304168701  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6085665225982666  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8736917972564697  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8414633274078369  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5969548225402832  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.6636557579040527  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.9523446559906006  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8351345062255859  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8546216487884521  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.0263032913208008  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.023818016052246  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.1822624206542969  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.9396111965179443  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  7  classified label:  9
analysis time:  7.390975952148438e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.7319717407226562  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5572741031646729  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8305740356445312  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8241207599639893  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8068177700042725  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.8106589317321777  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.9473049640655518  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.0805511474609375  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.3541529178619385  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.379474401473999  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.1396198272705078  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.2663304805755615  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.0689966678619385  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.113210916519165  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.8244049549102783  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.29598069190979  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.1678810119628906  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.682774543762207  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.087690353393555  seconds
