Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  10.489229440689087  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  19.801600456237793  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  6.91841721534729  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.8383257389068604  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.002906322479248  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.224124193191528  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.30654501914978  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.480457067489624  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  5  classified label:  6
analysis time:  2.09808349609375e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.953845977783203  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.462360143661499  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.9406328201293945  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.9669501781463623  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.298724889755249  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.032185077667236  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  10.345372915267944  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  15.212801456451416  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  11.136138677597046  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.147103548049927  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.389820098876953  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.7450802326202393  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.14825439453125  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.107855796813965  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.015235662460327  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.408773899078369  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  1.9331681728363037  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.8289902210235596  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.9721832275390625  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.111415147781372  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.0232529640197754  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.731989622116089  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.0405664443969727  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.4163944721221924  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  4  classified label:  0
analysis time:  2.1457672119140625e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.4206883907318115  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.342778444290161  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.7396209239959717  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.1068992614746094  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.2230327129364014  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.238903045654297  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.215796232223511  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.005984306335449  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.8260202407836914  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.3514304161071777  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.8491597175598145  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.951849937438965  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.4009499549865723  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.4659810066223145  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.344207763671875  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.4086899757385254  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.6133508682250977  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.5905070304870605  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.024226665496826  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.920332193374634  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.2302486896514893  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.7311625480651855  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.374892234802246  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.023592233657837  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.461583375930786  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.9845941066741943  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.206589937210083  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.472093343734741  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.0973644256591797  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.980487823486328  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.764399528503418  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.111118793487549  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.758012533187866  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.9563982486724854  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.884413242340088  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.513489007949829  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.7460756301879883  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.077216386795044  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.3750503063201904  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.0183966159820557  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.0962815284729004  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.4173951148986816  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.074803590774536  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.684502363204956  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  5.303728342056274  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.5465149879455566  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.306143283843994  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.1949691772460938  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.6298298835754395  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.045914649963379  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.062758445739746  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.8212063312530518  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.79801344871521  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.117334604263306  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.555608034133911  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.6396918296813965  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  4.131706476211548  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.237406015396118  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.7405035495758057  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.8162782192230225  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.8448331356048584  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.6900277137756348  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.333372116088867  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  3.3838722705841064  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.8079826831817627  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  2.7753732204437256  seconds
