Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3719470500946045  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.31650781631469727  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.40627193450927734  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3487873077392578  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3469874858856201  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3604462146759033  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3574068546295166  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.40218400955200195  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  5  classified label:  6
analysis time:  2.002716064453125e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3728499412536621  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.31798529624938965  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3656139373779297  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3589057922363281  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3071010112762451  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.33243370056152344  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3383910655975342  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3467574119567871  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32031726837158203  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  3  classified label:  8
analysis time:  2.002716064453125e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3908658027648926  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.36231184005737305  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.38982653617858887  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3659217357635498  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.47972774505615234  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4783031940460205  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.36409687995910645  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3859255313873291  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4124577045440674  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3431544303894043  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4638206958770752  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3947300910949707  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.5327014923095703  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3462340831756592  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  4  classified label:  6
analysis time:  2.5272369384765625e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3866393566131592  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35074758529663086  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3800926208496094  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3905646800994873  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  2  classified label:  3
analysis time:  2.4318695068359375e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3960750102996826  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4199941158294678  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3745903968811035  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  4  classified label:  9
analysis time:  1.9550323486328125e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37082672119140625  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.38690662384033203  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.389359712600708  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3468663692474365  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4145495891571045  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32540059089660645  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3289172649383545  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35732316970825195  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37859034538269043  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4277355670928955  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3883965015411377  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.353269100189209  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35848426818847656  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.38488245010375977  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.384784460067749  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.34273624420166016  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3871498107910156  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.2934842109680176  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3635711669921875  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4166398048400879  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.41222119331359863  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3539698123931885  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.42658329010009766  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3792226314544678  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35982418060302734  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3505382537841797  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.27686238288879395  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32894420623779297  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.27191638946533203  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32697534561157227  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3609139919281006  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37094879150390625  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3838202953338623  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37299036979675293  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37946152687072754  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35207271575927734  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.300046443939209  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3571197986602783  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3841531276702881  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.2747163772583008  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32976341247558594  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.41989850997924805  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3236265182495117  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3348731994628906  seconds
image not correctly classified by the network. expected label  3  classified label:  5
analysis time:  2.002716064453125e-05  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.32732415199279785  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.39011573791503906  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3511028289794922  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.35965943336486816  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3994319438934326  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.43720531463623047  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3496406078338623  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.37465882301330566  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.4202418327331543  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3747105598449707  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3664424419403076  seconds
Academic license - for non-commercial use only
can not be verified
analysis time:  0.3436009883880615  seconds
